In the past few lectures, we have added a lot of roots and they all have the same common property,
the same prefix slash farm in Laravel, you can group roots.
This group Roots can share the same attributes.
Groups of roots can have the same prefix, the same roots, name prefix or the same middleware applied.
We haven't talked about the media word yet.
So let's see an example we can understand right now.
So let's give all foreign roots the same Eurail prefix and the same name prefix.
Root grouping starts with calling the root class static methods, applying the common properties in
our case prefix for the usual prefix, which would be fun.
And name for the rude name prefix, in our case, let's use fun dots.
Finally, we call a group that accepts an anonymous function.
Inside this anonymous function, we now move all rude declarations that should have above parameters
applied.
Now, be sure to add the new statement for any variables from outside the context that post in our example.
Now let's open the terminal and run a bipartisan route, at least to see all the route definitions from
our up.
Now you should see that all the fun routes have the fun prefix added.
So now we have fun twice.
And also the names have the fun dots prefix applied to them.
So the final step in here would be to clean it up, which won't be fun actually, as we have to remove
this fun prefix from all rude names.
That's the whole point of grouping not to have to repeat the same text or same attributes.
And also it would be decent to give all those roots are specific name.
So I'll do that in this video.
But we don't really have to watch this.
You can grab the code from GitHub or just leave it as it is.
Wolf, finally, so we can see this part wasn't fun, but not everything in programming is fun.
So now let's see the list again.
OK, now we have the prefix without specifying it explicitly for every route.
And also we have the name prefix and they all look really nice right now.